README.md, before:

# Personal Portfolio ⚡️ 
> A clean, beautiful, responsive portfolio template for Software Developers!

> https://varadbhogayata.github.io

![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/varadbhogayata/varadbhogayata.github.io) 
![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/varadbhogayata/varadbhogayata.github.io)
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/maintained-yes-green.svg)](https://github.com/varadbhogayata/varadbhogayata.github.io/commits/master)
[![Website shields.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/website-up-yellow)](http://varadbhogayata.github.io/)
[![Ask Me Anything !](https://img.shields.io/badge/ask%20me-linkedin-1abc9c.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/varadbhogayata/)
[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://badges.mit-license.org)

### Website Preview
<p align="center"> 
  <kbd>
    <a href="https://varadbhogayata.github.io" target="_blank"><img src="examples/preview.gif">
  </a>
  </kbd>
</p>

:star: Star me on GitHub — it helps!

## Features 📋
⚡️ Fully Responsive\
⚡️ Valid HTML5 & CSS3\
⚡️ Typing animation using `Typed.js`\
⚡️ Easy to modify

## Installation & Deployment 📦
- Clone the repository and modify the content of <b>index.html</b> according to your requirement.
- Add or remove images from `varadbhogayata.github.io/assets/img/` directory as per your requirement.
- I highly recommend to use [Github Pages](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/deployment/#github-pages) to deploy the website the EASIEST WAY.
- To deploy your website, first you need to create github repository with name `<your-github-username>.github.io`. Please don't give any other name.
- Push the generated code to the `master` branch of this repository.
- <b>NOTE:</b> Make sure to set `analyticsId` from your Google Analytics account inside the Google Analytics script tag, if you want to use your own Google Analytics account.

## Sections 📚
✔️ About me\
✔️ Experience\
✔️ Projects \
✔️ Skills \
✔️ Education\
✔️ Contact Info\
✔️ Resume

To view a live example, **[click here](https://varadbhogayata.github.io/)**

## Tools Used 🛠️
* [<b>GitHub Pages</b>](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/deployment/#github-pages) - To host my static website (HTML, CSS, JS).
* [<b>Materialize</b>](https://materializecss.com/) - A CSS framework to get Google's Material Design components.
* [<b>Typed.js</b>](https://mattboldt.com/demos/typed-js/) - JavaScript Library

## Contributing 💡
#### Step 1

- **Option 1**
    - 🍴 Fork this repo!

- **Option 2**
    - 👯 Clone this repo to your local machine.


#### Step 2

- **Build your code** 🔨🔨🔨

#### Step 3

- 🔃 Create a new pull request.

## License 📄
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](./LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Updated README with Name & Mention of Forked Repository

README.md, after:

# Personal Portfolio ⚡️ 
**Name: Rayan Mustafa**\
**This Repository is forked from: https://varadbhogayata.github.io**

> A clean, beautiful, responsive portfolio template for Software Developers!

![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/varadbhogayata/varadbhogayata.github.io) 
![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/varadbhogayata/varadbhogayata.github.io)
[![Maintenance](https://img.shields.io/badge/maintained-yes-green.svg)](https://github.com/varadbhogayata/varadbhogayata.github.io/commits/master)
[![Website shields.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/website-up-yellow)](http://varadbhogayata.github.io/)
[![Ask Me Anything !](https://img.shields.io/badge/ask%20me-linkedin-1abc9c.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/varadbhogayata/)
[![License](http://img.shields.io/:license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](http://badges.mit-license.org)

### Website Preview
<p align="center"> 
  <kbd>
    <a href="https://varadbhogayata.github.io" target="_blank"><img src="examples/preview.gif">
  </a>
  </kbd>
</p>

:star: Star me on GitHub — it helps!

## Features 📋
⚡️ Fully Responsive\
⚡️ Valid HTML5 & CSS3\
⚡️ Typing animation using `Typed.js`\
⚡️ Easy to modify

## Installation & Deployment 📦
- Clone the repository and modify the content of <b>index.html</b> according to your requirement.
- Add or remove images from `varadbhogayata.github.io/assets/img/` directory as per your requirement.
- I highly recommend to use [Github Pages](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/deployment/#github-pages) to deploy the website the EASIEST WAY.
- To deploy your website, first you need to create github repository with name `<your-github-username>.github.io`. Please don't give any other name.
- Push the generated code to the `master` branch of this repository.
- <b>NOTE:</b> Make sure to set `analyticsId` from your Google Analytics account inside the Google Analytics script tag, if you want to use your own Google Analytics account.

## Sections 📚
✔️ About me\
✔️ Experience\
✔️ Projects \
✔️ Skills \
✔️ Education\
✔️ Contact Info\
✔️ Resume

To view a live example, **[click here](https://varadbhogayata.github.io/)**

## Tools Used 🛠️
* [<b>GitHub Pages</b>](https://create-react-app.dev/docs/deployment/#github-pages) - To host my static website (HTML, CSS, JS).
* [<b>Materialize</b>](https://materializecss.com/) - A CSS framework to get Google's Material Design components.
* [<b>Typed.js</b>](https://mattboldt.com/demos/typed-js/) - JavaScript Library

## Contributing 💡
#### Step 1

- **Option 1**
    - 🍴 Fork this repo!

- **Option 2**
    - 👯 Clone this repo to your local machine.


#### Step 2

- **Build your code** 🔨🔨🔨

#### Step 3

- 🔃 Create a new pull request.

## License 📄
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](./LICENSE) file for details.
